Improve the readme (#11)
aiidateam/aiida-prerequisites: README.md

# AiiDA Prerequisites

This repository adds
[PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) and [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) servers on top of [phusion base image](https://github.com/phusion/baseimage-docker). Additionally, it creates a system profile ready to setup AiiDA under it.

# Docker image

The docker image:
 * Is based on [phusion base image](https://github.com/phusion/baseimage-docker).
 * Installs and launches [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) for $SYSTEM_USER.
 * Installs and launches [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/).
 * Configures Linux environment for $SYSTEM_USER.

## Wait for services
The image provides a mechanism to wait until the startup script has *launched* all services.
Example of usage:

```
$ docker exec --tty $DOCKERID wait-for-services
```
This command will exit when all startup scripts are done.
Note, however, that the mechanism does not check that all services are actually running.

## Docker ARGs
The the following arguments can be set during *build* time:
```
ARG NB_USER="aiida"
ARG NB_UID="1000"
ARG NB_GID="1000"

> ```

Reviewer: Perhaps add:
These define the *default* user name, user id and group id for containers launched from the image.

Author: done

[PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) and [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) servers on top of [phusion](https://github.com/phusion/baseimage-docker) base image. Additionally, it creates a system profile ready to setup AiiDA under it.

# Docker image

The docker image contains:
 * [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
 * [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/)
 * Configured Linux environment for $SYSTEM_USER.

## Wait for services

> This image provides a mechanism to wait untill all the services were launched by the statup scripts. However, it does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image provides a mechanism to wait until the startup script has *launched* all services.
```

> check that services did start. Example of usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of usage:
```

```
$ docker exec --tty $DOCKERID wait-for-services
```

> This command will exit when all startup scripts are done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will exit when all startup scripts are done.
Note, however, that the mechanism does not check that all services are actually running.
```
